Support tabbed view to display external resources (#1212)
inducer/relate: doc/flow.rst

            - change_answer
    value: 1

.. _tabbed-page-view:

Tabbed page view
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A flow page can be displayed in a tabbed view, where the first tab is the
flow page itself, and the subsequent tabs are additional external websites. 

> This is useful when the browser only allows one tab to be open at a time, 
> for example, Guardian browser when taking an ProctorU exam.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example use case is when the participant does not have access to
browser-native tab functionality. This is the case when using the
"Guardian" browser with the "ProctorU" proctoring service.
```

> 

Reviewer: This should include instructions for how what code to include in a flow page to enable the tabs. (See also below.)
